# Test Cases for different web sites
Serenity BDD is a library that makes it easier to write high quality automated acceptance tests, with powerful reporting and living documentation features. It has strong support for both web testing with Selenium, and API testing using RestAssured.

Serenity strongly encourages good test automation design, and supports several design patterns as screenplay

The latest version of Serenity supports Cucumber 5.5.

## Technologies
The project was made with java 11 and maven, so It's necessary you set as Environment variables in order to run it.

## The starter project
Serenity 2.2.13 introduced integration with WebdriverManager to download webdriver binaries.
The Screenplay DSL is rich and flexible, and well suited to teams working on large test automation projects with many team members, and who are reasonably comfortable with Java and design patterns. 

## Executing the tests
To run the sample project, you must have `CucumberTestSuite` test runner class, or run either `mvn clean verify -DHEIGHT=1920 -DWEIGHT=1080 -DDRIVER=chrome -DNOT_SHOW_INTERFACE=false  serenity:reports` from the command line.

you can modify the command of above in order to run with different resolution and browser, for example:
```json
mvn verify -DHEIGHT=375 -DWEIGHT=812 -DDRIVER=firefox -DNOT_SHOW_INTERFACE=true  serenity:reports

-DNOT_SHOW_INTERFACE environment it is if you want to see the innterfaz I recommend you let it in false 

```


The test results will be recorded in the `target/site/serenity` directory.

## Generating the reports
Since the Serenity reports contain aggregate information about all of the tests, they are not generated after each individual test (as this would be extremenly inefficient). Rather, The Full Serenity reports are generated by the `serenity-maven-plugin`. You can trigger this by running `mvn serenity:aggregate` from the command line or from your IDE.

##Note
I strongly recommend you have chrome, firefox downloaded in order to run it easily the test
Serenity uses WebDriverManager to download the WebDriver binaries automatically before the tests are executed.
Do not forget to set up all environment variables.


